Wording fixes.. (#84)
aikaterna/gobcog: Change logs for 3.0.0.md

  - Between 10 - 19 rebirths you get 1 extra base stats per rebirth
  - Between 20 - 29 rebirths you get 5 extra base stats per rebirth
  - After 30 rebirths you get 3 extra base stats per rebirth
- Characters are given chests after rebirth as follows:
  - 1 common chest per 5 rebirths they have
  - 1 rare chest per 10 rebirths they have
  - 1 epic chest per 20 rebirths they have
  - 1 legendary chest per 50 rebirths they have
#### Mechanics affected by rebirths
Each time you Rebirth the following incremental bonuses are given: 
- The amount of XP you gain for activities
- The amount of currency rewarded for activities
- Increased chance for better items from loot chests
- Higher selling price for items you choose to sell
- Higher chance to encounter stronger monsters that give boosted XP 
- The ability to convert lesser loot chests into higher quality loot chests
- Cooldowns for Skills are reduced with each rebirth! 
note: Users can only trade items to other users with the same or higher number of rebirths.
#### How to rebirth
- When your character reaches its max level simply use the following command: `[p]rebirth`

> - Takes all of your currency 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This will cost all their current currency
```

- All items will be lost when you rebirth- with the following exceptions
  - Set items will stay with you forever
  - Tinkerer items will stay with you as long as you are a tinkerer
  - Legendary items will stay with you for 3 rebirths after you get them
     - Say you get a legendary item on level 30 Rebirth 3, this item will stay with you until your 6th rebirth

>   - Any loot chests or other items will also be removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Any loot chests or other items you had prior to rebirthing will be removed
```

  - You will keep your class upon rebirthing (Say Hello to level 1 Berserkers)
### Max Level

> - New dynamic Max level based on your rebirth count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New dynamic Max level based on number of rebirths your character has.
```

  - For character with 0 rebirths the max level is 5
  - For character with 1 rebirth the Max level is 20
  - For character with 2 to 9 rebirths the max level increases by 5 per rebirth (25, 30, 35...)
  - For character with 10 to 19 rebirths the max level increases by 10 per rebirth (70, 80, 90...)
  - For character with 20 to 38 rebirths the max level increases by 5 per rebirth (170, 175, 180..)
  - For character with more than 38 rebirths the max level will always be 255
- Characters will stop gaining XP once their character reaches max level

> ## Items (variety/quality)

Reviewer: This is a Heading, to break this section of the docs into the Items section, |
`(variety/quality)` doesn't apply here
```suggestion
## Items
```
